[Music]
in the summer evenings sometimes I'd
like to go on a dog walk with my parents
if I'm completely honest I don't do this
every single evening but I really like
to do it when I can especially if I've
been up in London that day it's really
nice to connect his nature again I'm
really not a city person I much prefer
the countryside
[Music]
these are our neighbors ducks or my dad
gave them a shower and it was the cutest
thing they absolutely loved it
[Music]
so then when we get back I will go
straight up to my bedroom
and the first thing I'd like to do is
just put my devices on charge if they
are running out of battery and then I
will usually do some YouTube related
things so today I was filming a video
which was a journal with me which
actually went sup yesterday
then I will always go and get myself
some tea I love to have tea in the
evenings if you've been watching my
videos for a while you will know that
I'm pretty much obsessed with tea
[Music]
and then I just like to light some
candles because my room is always so
much cozier when I thought candles
burning and fairy lights on so then I
would just do some more work related
things so today I was writing and I was
actually working on two books I was
working on Arum of the Parker because
I'm basically doing a reactive it there
are a few little errors which I had in
the book so I'm just doing revisions at
the moment
[Music]
and then I like to tidy my room or do
some sorting of some kind so at the
moment I'm just putting away some clean
clothes also sorting through my wires
[Music]
and here I was uploading a new video
one thing that I've been pretty much
doing every single evening this summer
is spending some time with my mom
watching the crown which is such an
incredible show I can't believe I
haven't watched it yet so I'll just turn
off the hue lights so that we can't see
them when we're watching TV and usually
I will watch the eight passengers daily
vlog first was I'm waiting for my mum my
mum and I have also been sharing one of
these packets of millionaire Squires
every evening while most evenings and
it's just such a nice treat these ones
are from Olivia's and they're vegan and
the salted caramel ones are the best
[Music]
as the Egyptians are obviously very
president ambassador come back and then
I'll leave my mum downstairs because she
likes to read on the safer before going
to bed but I prefer to read in bed and
before I go upstairs I'll just say
goodnight to the dogs
so when I get back upstairs most
evenings I will have a shower but I
actually had a shower in the afternoon
this particular day because I had been
up to London and I really like to shower
as soon as I get home if I go to London
so then I will just head to the bathroom
and do some skink habit so I like to put
on this yes to grapefruit face mask it's
a face mask on a stick and it's amazing
and you're meant to leave this on for
five minutes
so I usually just put this almost I
brush my teeth and because it's me I'm
obviously reading as I'm brushing my
teeth at the moment I'm reading this
book called the rules of seeing
[Music]
then I'll also sometimes put on this
water sleeping mask because my skin can
get very dry especially in my cheeks so
this just basically helps to rehydrate
my skin
[Music]
then I'll close my windows because at
the moment I have what are called and
even though I would like to keep them
open I know that it's more likely to
make me much will if I keep them open so
then the next thing I'll do is go on my
iPad and I'll just put on some classical
music I love classical music and also
film scores and then this is a habit
that I have got into this summer and
it's probably not the best habit but I
used to be really into the app tapped
out and I've over the summer kind of got
back into it so most evenings not every
evening I will just check up on my mini
Springfield and spend about 5 10 minutes
on the app which isn't great but I
actually find it quite relaxing
so the next thing I'll do is just go and
read the New York Times and then I will
do the daily mini New York Times
crossword these are really they're
really easy but they're really good fun
then I'll just put my iPad on airplane
modes that I don't get any notifications
and I will put on an alarm sometimes
I'll put my alarm for 6 sometimes for 7
it really just depends so the next thing
I'll do is journal I'll use my normal
journal and also my kindness journal and
I basically use the kindness jam just to
reflect on how kind
I've been how kind other people have
been that day and this is this really
has only recently become a part of my
routine since releasing and making the
kindness journal but I really love doing
it everyday and I always flick through
the kindness crates because I find them
really inspiring and they kind of get me
in the right mindset for the
today so then lastly I will finally get
my book and I will read I cannot go to
sleep without reading it's just so
calming so therapeutic and I love giving
myself the time every day to actually
concentrate on the book I'm reading
before going to bed I will usually do
some last-minute stretches just really
simple stretches in bed and then I will
spray my pillow with my white lavender
white company pillow mist which really
does help me to get to sleep and I will
also put on this hand cream from lush
[Music]
then I will basically just turn off the
light and go to bed so thank you so much
for watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it and I hope that you have a
productive
[Music]